Add doc for the possible cmd args while testing (#1151)
theupdateframework/tuf: docs/CONTRIBUTORS.rst

    $ python test_updater.py -vvvv TestUpdater.test_4_refresh # run test with DEBUG log level

All of the log levels and the corresponding options that could be used for testing are:

.. list-table::
   :widths: 20 25
   :header-rows: 1

   * - Option
     - Log Level
   * - default (no argument passed)
     - ERROR
   * - `-v`

>      - ERROR + unittest module prints test names

Reviewer: are test names only printed at this log level?

Author: Yes.
Example: running `python test_updater.py` from the tests directory on the development branch leads to the output: 
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/16246778/94701069-e33cbc80-0344-11eb-9d62-6ce94c420dc2.png)

but running `python test_updater.py -v` from the tests directory on the development branch adds the test names
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/16246778/94700886-abce1000-0344-11eb-9f64-8d8dab2ddede.png)

>      - ERROR
>    * - `-v`
>      - ERROR + unittest module prints test names

Reviewer: we should clarify that unit test names are printed when 1 or more `-v`'s are passed. As currently written it could be interpreted as only printed when one `-v` is passed. Perhaps something like:

```suggestion
     - ERROR (test names are not printed)
   * - `-v`
     - ERROR (test names are printed at this level and above)
```

Author: Used your suggestions and amended.
